posts/about.markdown, before:

## Ivan Li(Chinese Name: 李永超)

### Professional Summary
- Overall 10 years of experience in development of Web & J2EE Technologies.
- Hands on experience in Core Java, Python and Kotlin
- Knowledge of Intellij idea tool for the development of Java & Python projects
- Hands on experience oracle & mysql
-Hands on experience JS, ReactJs

### Core Qualifications
- Extensive knowledge of back-end on Java
- High adaptability to changing work paces and requirements
- Excellent ability to code and design to specifications

### Experience
#### &diams; July 2016 – Present, 中软国际, Tech Lead/PM
- Responsible for several financial service system project.
- Lead a team of 4 java developer and 3 tester
- In charge of whole project delivery.
- Technical skill: Java, SpringBoot, SpringCloud
- Process: MicroSevice, Agile.
- Unit testing and integration testing of owned use cases

#### &diams; September 2015 – July 2016, InfoSys, Technology Lead
- Project (HAE) consultant at Huawei. I’m responsible for refactoring and maintaining web controls of iData team, using Nodejs, Gulp and browserify.
- Building visual configuration tools of web controls.

#### &diams; December 2014 – May 2015,  沃特智联, Architect & PM
- Building basic tech platform, big data analysis using python and ElasticSearch, I always uses python to collecting data. And I also manage whole project.
- This is a start-up company run by his friends and he joins as a technical partner.

#### &diams; August 2011 – December 2014, 世为集团, Senior Python Developer
- Our team build a new social site(http://www.dazhima.com), the site was built with pyramid and mysql, It's a SNS site by tracking self goals.
- It's my responsibility to develop web and mobile applications by Titanium.
- Unit testing and integration testing of owned use cases

#### &diams; December 2011 – July 2012, 玩拍网(http://www.wanpai.com), Python Dveloper
- This company has been acquired http://www.bidmai.com.
- I am a web developer, build email sending tools, fix bug, add new feature for site.
- Unit testing and integration testing of owned use cases

#### &diams; August 2009 – October 2011, 驿腾时代科技, Senior Software Engineer
- Research requirements, designed and developed project, and build basic code (dbutils and logging) and core logic of every project,
- We manager project using redmine. I maintained it

#### &diams; January 2007 – August 2009, GlobalSources,  System Developer
- Maintain and develop china site([世界经理人](http://www.ceconline.com), [电子工程专辑](http://www.eet-china.com), [国际电子商情](http://www.esmchina.com)) and main site([Manufacturers &amp; Suppliers Directory | Global Sources ](http://www.globalsources.com)) of company, these sites was built with j2ee and oracle. I maintain all forum(Jive Forum) of those sites, and extended search tool based endeca.
- Technical stack: Java, EJB

### Platforms
Linux(Ubuntu & Debian) > Windows > MacOS

### Databases
MySql > Oracle > Mongodb

### Languages
Java > Javascript  > Python  > Kotlin

### Education
2003.9    –  2006.6    Computer Science, Broadcasting and TV University of Shannxi

### Personal blog
https://yongchao.li

### Github
https://github.com/linychuo

### LinkedIn
http://cn.linkedin.com/pub/ivan-li/36/307/53/

Commit message:

upgrade page of self introuding

posts/about.markdown, after:

## Ivan Li(Chinese Name: 李永超)

- I'm learnning a new programming language named rust, and I have already rewrote my blog generator using rust(previously using preactjs).
- My part-time job remains the myself opensource project, like as SQLiteTool(python).

### Professional Summary
- Overall 10 years of experience in development of Web & J2EE Technologies.
- Hands on experience in Core Java, Python and Kotlin
- Knowledge of Intellij idea tool for the development of Java & Python projects
- Hands on experience oracle & mysql
- Hands on experience JS, ReactJs

### Core Qualifications
- Extensive knowledge of back-end on Java
- High adaptability to changing work paces and requirements
- Excellent ability to code and design to specifications
- Good self-learning ability

### Experience
#### &diams; July 2016 – Present, 中软国际, Tech Lead/PM
- Responsible for several financial service system project.
- Lead a team of 4 java developer and 3 tester.
- In charge of entire project delivery, requriements analysis and sloving problem of foreign colleagues from around of world.
- Process: MicroSevice, Agile
- Unit testing and integration testing of owned use cases.
- Technical stack: java, springboot, springcloud, oracle

#### &diams; September 2015 – July 2016, InfoSys, Technology Lead
- Project (HAE) consultant at Huawei. I'm refactored and maintained web controls of iData team using Nodejs and browserify.
- Building visual configuration tools of web controls.
- Techinal stack: nodejs

#### &diams; December 2014 – May 2015,  沃特智联, Architect & PM
- Building basic tech platform, big data analysis using python and ElasticSearch, I always uses python to collecting data. And I also manage whole project.
- This is a start-up company run by his friends and he joins as a technical partner.
- Techinal stack: java, python, mysql

#### &diams; August 2011 – December 2014, 世为集团, Senior Python Developer
- Our team build a new social site(http://www.dazhima.com), the site was built with pyramid and mysql, It's a SNS site by tracking self goals.
- It's my responsibility to developing web, and creating mobile application by Titanium.
- Techinal stack: python, pyramid, sqlalchemy, mysql

#### &diams; December 2011 – July 2012, 玩拍网(http://www.wanpai.com), Python Dveloper
- This company has been acquired http://www.bidmai.com.
- I am a web developer, build email sending tools, fix bug, add new feature for site.
- Unit testing and integration testing of owned use cases
- Techinal stack: python, webpy, mongodb

#### &diams; August 2009 – October 2011, 驿腾时代科技, Senior Software Engineer
- Requirements analysis, designing and delivery project to customers, and building basic code (dbutils and logging) and core function of this project,
- Project management tool using redmine
- Techinal stack: java, struts, oracle

#### &diams; January 2007 – August 2009, GlobalSources,  System Developer
- Maintaining and developing china site([世界经理人](http://www.ceconline.com), [电子工程专辑](http://www.eet-china.com), [国际电子商情](http://www.esmchina.com)) and main site([Manufacturers &amp; Suppliers Directory | Global Sources ](http://www.globalsources.com)) of company, these sites was built by java and oracle. I have maintained all forums(base on Jive Forum) of those sites, and extendeding search tool named Endeca.
- Technical stack: java, struts, EJB, oracle

### Platforms
Linux(Ubuntu & Debian) > Windows > MacOS

### Databases
MySql > Oracle > Mongodb

### Languages
Java > Javascript  > Python  > Kotlin

### Education
2003.9    –  2006.6    Computer Science, Broadcasting and TV University of Shannxi

### Personal blog
https://yongchao.li

### Github
https://github.com/linychuo

### LinkedIn
http://cn.linkedin.com/pub/ivan-li/36/307/53/
